with muguruza clothes on his tail
yamaneika
keeps the family moving and it becomes
more and more difficult to keep track of
them
I've given the Rangers a camera to make
sure that we don't miss anything
having circled each other for some time
yamaneika and muguruza are now metres
apart
this is a clear threat to Chima Luca and
his family
[Music]
[Applause]
it looks like Chema Nuka has seen off
muga Ruka but at what cost the family
have scattered Chima Nuka has been
injured and it'll be some time before
the full repercussions become apparent
I won't see my gorilla family for
another couple of months will Chi Manuka
be overthrown and lose everything
the fate of orphan morali baby Marita
and the whole family hangs in the
balance
you